pex2 is a C++ program that can be compiled with the command:

    $ make

Once compiled, the program can simply be run with:

    $ ./pex2

Where '$' represents the terminal prompt, and assuming image.h, image.cpp,
main.cpp and Makefile are in the directory in which the command is run.

Introduction:
    - The program pex2 consists of a main program that tests the
      functionality of the Image class.
    - Image is an object that represents a grayscale image.

Design:
    - The image class consists of a title (a string), the number of rows
      and columns (each int's), and a dynamically allocated two dimensional
      array of int's that each represent the individual pixels.
    - The maximum number of rows and columns are assumed to be 1024 each.
    - The values of the pixels are assumed to be between 0 and 255,
      inclusive.
    - Users of the Image class can add two images together to form
      a composite image object with '+' operator, and view number of pixels
      in a range with the histogram function.
    - Users can also use the Image class naturally with operators such as
      '<<', '>>', '=', and '==' (tests for same content, regardless of title).

Implementation:
    - The image class uses a dynamically allocated two-dimensional array
      as its concrete data structure to store the individual pixels of the
      image.
    - The advantage of using this type of structure is that it easy to
      conceptualize and access pixels when represented as a two-d array,
      and the size of the array, and its inner arrays, can be determined
      at runtime instead of compile time. Only the amount of space needed
      is allocated.
    - The disadvantage of using a dynamically allocated array is that more
      care is needed to ensure proper allocation/deallocation of heap space
      to avoid memory leaks.

Accomplishment:
    - The image class implements all required methods of the assignment,
      as well as some simple getters/setters.

Testing:
    - Before creating a custom main program, the Image class was tested
      with the sample main program on the assignment page. The class
      worked well with the sample main program. The custom main program
      included in this submission tests all the required constructors
      and methods of the Image class.

Known Bugs:
    - As of testing on February 14, 2018, there are no known bugs.

NOTE:
    - The main program included in the assignment uses a file 'test.txt'
      to read as input into an Image class. 'test.txt' must be included in
      the same directory as the program when it is run, in order to run
      successfully.
